Fix the meaning of few sentences in set_1.md (#5330)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/administration/windows-commands/set_1.md

## Examples

> To set an environment variable named `testVar` the value of *TEST^1*, type:

Reviewer: improvement suggestion for a better English sentence structure:
```suggestion
To set the value of *TEST^1* for the environment variable named `testVar`, type:
```

```
set testVar=test^^1
```

The **set** command assigns everything that follows the equal sign (=) to the value of the variable. Therefore, if you type `set testVar=test^1`, you'll get the following result, `testVar=test^1`.

> To set an environment variable the value *TEST&1*, type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the value *TEST&1* for the environment variable `testVar`, type:
```
